Father Emperor
Emperor
Ye Xuan parting
You two haven't seen each other in a long time
He is the father
This is my wife.
His name is White
Haha, it looks watery
Good to do
Just like it too.
Father Emperor
The son has something to report
You want to ask about inheriting the rebellion, right?
This was sent by the Inheritance Wu Sect at the risk of death
The rebellion was caused by the coercion of his subordinates
He is just a puppet
Now he risks being discovered
You want to send a Xinbao princess.
Although Xiemu was incompetent in fighting wars
But Nianzai has always been loyal to the Ji family
Can give him a chance
Is that so?
I heard
It's been a pretty rough time inside the rebels.
Find a chance
Get him out of there.
Father Emperor
This letter is a forgery
The forged son thinks
He wanted to exonerate the inheritance
My brother is innocent
How to get rid of Ye Xuan
Don't be rude
You should call him Mother Concubine
Don't be suspicious
Father Emperor
Why does the son-in-law think this letter is forged?
Is because
The son also has a letter
gibberish
Are you trying to piss me off?
Emperor
Since the emperor has problems with both letters
Why not let the Royal Buddha check the authenticity?
Just look up your notes